Add text explaining that some features rely on browser/OS support (#264)
vcstuff/oid4vc-haip-sd-jwt-vc: openid4vc-high-assurance-interoperability-profile-1_0.md

When using this profile alongside other hash algorithms, each entity SHOULD make it explicit in its metadata which other algorithms are supported.

# Implementation Considerations

## Prerequisites

> This specification assumes certain prerequisites, including browser/OS support of certain features (for example the `haip://` custom URL scheme). This means some of the mandatory clauses might not be implementable for reasons outside the implementer's control.

Reviewer: Should we mention both, custom URL scheme and DC API?
```suggestion
This specification assumes certain prerequisites, including browser/OS support of certain features (for example support for the `haip://` custom URL scheme or the Digital Credentials API within the browser). This means some of the mandatory clauses might not be implementable for reasons outside the implementer's control.
```

Author: I think there are two separate cases - if you can't do the DC API, you really can't do that whole flow at all - whereas you can support everything else in the redirect OID4VP without supporting `haip://`.

Reviewer 2: then would it make sense not to mention custom url schemes entirely? 

```suggestion
Digital Credentials API related mandatory clauses in this specification depend on browser and/or operating system support. This means there might be environments beyond the implementer's control where these clauses cannot be implemented.
```

> This specification assumes certain prerequisites, including browser/OS support of certain features. Where these prerequisites are mandatory for a flow (for example, the W3C Digital Credentials API or an equivalent platform API), this means the implementer might not be able to implement some flows for reasons outside the implementer's control. In some cases (e.g. custom URL schemes) the prerequisites are not mandatory, meaning the implementer can potentially implement the flow using alternatives.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This specification relies on certain prerequisites, such as browser or operating system support for specific features. When these prerequisites are mandatory for a flow (e.g., the W3C Digital Credentials API or an equivalent platform API), an implementer might be unable to support that flow due to factors beyond their control. In other cases (e.g., custom URL schemes), the prerequisites are optional, allowing implementers to achieve the same flow through alternative mechanisms.
```
